
Free ebooks by Project Gutenberg
Book search · Book categories · Browse catalog · Mobile site · Report errors · Terms of use

Some of Our Latest Books


Welcome
QR Code
Project Gutenberg Mobile Site
Project Gutenberg offers over 50,000 free ebooks: choose among free epub books, free kindle books, download them or read them online.

We carry high quality ebooks: All our ebooks were previously published by bona fide publishers. We digitized and diligently proofread them with the help of thousands of volunteers.

No fee or registration is required, but if you find Project Gutenberg useful, we kindly ask you to donate a small amount so we can buy and digitize more books. Other ways to help include digitizing more books, recording audio books, or reporting errors.

Over 100,000 free ebooks are available through our Partners, Affiliates and Resources.

News
The TPP is passed, and not ratified
Project Gutenberg is concerned about a new international treaty, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. It has been reported as completed, but the countries involved still need to ratify the treaty for it to apply to that country. There is still time to resist the negative impact on the Public Domain, within each country. The near-final text, with analysis, is available at [WikiLeaks].

Self-Publishing Portal
Visit self.gutenberg.org to see how Project Gutenberg is facilitating online publishing by contemporary authors. This new service is bringing the Project Gutenberg moniker to authors in virtually any genre or subject. The portal is open at self.gutenberg.org and invites all readers and publishers. All items are free to download and share. There is also an RSS feed.

Loss of Project Gutenberg's founder, Michael S. Hart (1947-2011)
Michael's 67th birthday would have been March 8, 2014. Here are some thoughts and remembrances from Jim Berger, along with a photo from one of his presentations. Project Gutenberg's founder, Michael Hart, passed away September 6. Here is our brief obituary and related documents.

Terms of Use
Our ebooks may be freely used in the United States because most are not protected by U.S. copyright law, usually because their copyrights have expired. They may not be free of copyright in other countries. Readers outside of the United States must check the copyright laws of their countries before downloading or redistributing our ebooks. We also have a number of copyrighted titles, for which the copyright holder has given permission for unlimited non-commercial worldwide use.

The Project Gutenberg website is for human users only. Any real or perceived use of automated tools to access our site will result in a block of your IP address.

For more details see our Terms of Use page.

Site Map
The Online Book Catalog
Book Search: Search for books.
Recent Books: The latest books.
Most Downloaded Books: The most popular books.
Special areas
Audio Books, both human-read and computer-generated.
Bookshelves: Groupings of related books.
CD and DVD Project. Download entire CDs or DVDs, or have a free disc sent to you.
Digitized Sheet Music (dormant).
Free Kindle Books: about free kindle books at Project Gutenberg.
Mobile Reader Devices How-To: about kindle, nook, cell phone, and other mobile devices
New Books Feeds: ways to keep you updated on new publications.
Offline Catalogs: handy ebook Listings to consult offline.
Old Online Catalog: more ways to browse the book catalog.
Report errors, bugs, typos (or, see detailed information about errata reporting)
Top 100 Books and Authors: the most downloaded books and authors.
About Us
About Us: About Project Gutenberg.
No Cost or Freedom? What does 'free ebook' mean?
License and Trademark information: What you are allowed to do with the books you download.
Linking Readme: Information for people who want to link to our site.
Robot Readme: Information for people who want to robot our site.
Donate: How to make a donation to Project Gutenberg.
News and Newsletters: Our news site. Contains our monthly newsletter and archives.
How-To's: In depth information about different topics.
FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions.
Partners, Affiliates and Resources: A collection of links.
Credits: Thanks to our most prominent volunteers.
Mailing lists: Join our mailing lists.
Contact Information: How to get in touch.
Volunteering
Volunteering. How you can help Project Gutenberg.
Distributed Proofreaders. Help create an eBook. Getting started is easy, and just a page a day will help!
LibriVox. Help record audio books by joining LibriVox.
Provide missing pages. Help us complete projects. Take a look at our list of missing pages and find some for us.
Promote Project Gutenberg on your web site.
The Project Gutenberg Wiki
The Project Gutenberg Wiki will become a place full of useful information to the ebook community. You are invited to contribute.

Navigation menu

Search Book Catalog
Go
Project
Gutenberg
Main Page
Book Search Page
Book Categories
All Categories
Wiki Search Page
News
Contact Info
Donate
Project Gutenberg needs your donation!
Donate now to Project Gutenberg through PayPal
 Flattr this
More Info
In other languages
Português
Deutsch
Français
This page was last modified on 10 October 2015, at 11:31.
Content is available under GNU Free Documentation License 1.2 unless otherwise noted.
Privacy policyAbout GutenbergDisclaimers